"If you want to be happy, be.",happy
"I like people that enjoy life, ’cause I do the same.",happy
The best vitamin to be a happy person is B1.,happy
Enjoy life. There’s plenty of time to be dead.,happy
There is no way to happiness – happiness is the way.,happy
Happiness depends upon ourselves.,happy
"Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet.",happy
,happy
"Be happy, and a reason will come along.",happy
"Happiness is a well-balanced combination of love, labor, and luck.",happy
Don’t put the key to happiness in someone else’s pocket.,happy
"I do believe that if you haven’t learned about sadness, you cannot appreciate happiness.",happy
"True happiness is… to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future.",happy
Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it.,happy
I get way too much happiness from good food.,happy
I am happy that I can challenge myself in various fields.,happy
"When I am myself, I am happy and have a good result.",happy
I am happy to say that I am living my dream.,happy
"Some pursue happiness, others create it.",happy
I am happy being what I am.,happy
The secret of life is enjoying the passage of time.,happy
I have only two kinds of days: happy and hysterically happy.,happy
Read More : Feeling Happy Status,happy
"I’m happy, and I think being happy keeps you looking young.",happy
"I’m lucky enough to be with someone, and I am happy.",happy
"I am working and improving every day, and I am happy with my work.",happy
I do not want horses or diamonds – I am happy in possessing you.,happy
"I don’t let anyone’s insecurities, emotions, or opinions bother me. I know that if I am happy, that’s all that matters to me.",happy
"Life is this simple – birth, eat, drink, play, explore, and relate to family and friends; be happy and enjoy life…!",happy
I decided to fly through the air and live in the sunlight and enjoy life as much as I could.,happy
"My crown is called content, a crown that seldom kings enjoy.",happy
I enjoy life when things are happening. I don’t care if it’s good things or bad things. That means you’re alive.,happy
I just want to tell the world how happy I am right now and how proud I am of myself today.,happy
"The best feeling in the world is when you feel like you are floating in cloud nine, happiness.",happy
"I fell in love with this journey called life and I am loving every second, I am happy all day.",happy
Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.,happy
,happy
You do not need to be afraid of life. You are here to enjoy it.,happy
"I’m just going to go live life. I’m going to go enjoy life. I have nothing left to hide. I am kind of a free person, a free soul.",happy
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it’s all that matters.,happy
I believe that God put us in this jolly world to be happy and enjoy life.,happy
"If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment.",happy
"I like what I am doing and there is freedom in doing the things that you like, so I am happy.",happy
