"A person must be able to be alone and find happiness within themselves, before they can ever expect to be happy with someone else.",happy
Being happy doesn’t mean you’re perfect. It just means you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections.,happy
Don’t let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future win the happiness of your present.,happy
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.,happy
"If we all had perfect lives, we would never know what happiness was because we would never be sad or mad enough to know the difference.",happy
"Life’s short, forget your problems, be happy, and live your life because you never know if there will be another tomorrow.",happy
"May you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, enough sorrow to keep you human and enough hope to make you happy.",happy
"One of the sanest, surest and most generous joys of life comes from being happy over the good fortunes of others.",happy
"Positive thinking evokes more energy, more initiative and more happiness.",happy
"Realize that true happiness lies, within you. Waste no time and effort searching for peace and contentment and joy in the world outside.",happy
"Tension is who you think you should be, relaxation is who you are.",happy
The happiest is the one who brings happiness to the greatest number of people.,happy
"The happiest people don’t necessarily have the best of everything, they just make the best out of everything that comes their way.",happy
True happiness lies within yourself. It doesn’t come from others.,happy
You don’t need to do everything just to be happy. You just need to take care of the people who are making you happy.,happy
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of.,happy
You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.,happy
Checking for something smart and a bit sassy or cute? We’ve collected the best clever happy status updates for you:,happy
"A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy?",happy
Born to express not to impress.,happy
Don’t put the key to happiness in someone else’s pocket.,happy
"Happiness is a well-balanced combination of love, labour, and luck.",happy
Happiness is homemade…,happy
Happiness is when “Last seen at” changes to “online” and then to “typing…”,happy
"Life is like a camera. So, face it with a SMILE!",happy
Nobody can be un-cheered with a balloon.,happy
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.,happy
Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.,happy
True happiness is not expensive. If it requires a high price it’s a fake.,happy
"Life is for living, right? We think so! Perhaps use one of these cracking status updates for enjoying life, and being happy:",happy
Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen.,happy
"Be believing, be happy, don’t get discouraged. Things will work out.",happy
"Be happy at the moment, that’s enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.",happy
Do not set aside your happiness. Do not wait to be happy in the future. The best time to be happy is always now.,happy
"Dream as if you’ll live forever, live as if you’ll die today.",happy
"Every day is a new day, and you’ll never be able to find happiness if you don’t move on.",happy
"Every day may not be good, but there’s something good in every day.",happy
Every day we are given is a gift and we should treat it that way.,happy
Everything in life happens for a reason. Stop worrying about the reason and just live for what happens!,happy
I don’t want a perfect life. I want a happy life.,happy
"I like people that enjoy life, ’cause I do the same.",happy
Live for the moments you can’t put into words.,happy
New Year. New feels. New chances.,happy
"It’s a good idea to be funny in your WhatsApp status update, since everyone loves a bit of humour! With that in mind, we’ve curated some of the best WhatsApp status updates for happy, humorous people:",happy
A good mood is like a balloon. One little prick is all it takes to ruin it.,happy
Enjoy life. There’s plenty of time to be dead.,happy
I prefer to be crazy and happy rather than normal and bitter,happy
Laugh alone and the world thinks you’re an idiot.,happy
"Life is like a roller coaster, live it, be happy, enjoy life.",happy
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.",happy
"Money sure doesn’t buy happiness, but its easier to cry in a Porsche than on a bike.",happy
One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.,happy
She thinks that happiness is a mat that sits on her doorway.,happy
Smile and the world will smile with you. Laugh and they’ll all think you are on drugs.,happy
Smile! It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.,happy
The best vitamin to be a happy person is to B1.,happy
"The thicker the skin, the happier the man.",happy
There are two ways to be happy: improve your reality or lower your expectations.,happy
"Time, you can’t keep it, but you can spend it.",happy
"You can’t buy happiness, but you can buy ice cream. and that’s kind of the same thing.",happy
Just in search of a solid status update about your happiness? Try one of the following on for size:,happy
"At the end of the day, what really matters is the moments you were happy, not the sad ones.",happy
Be happy with what you have. Be excited about what you want.,happy
Count blessings. Not problems.,happy
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.,happy
Deal with your problems before they deal with your happiness.,happy
Don’t postpone joy until you have learned all of your lessons. Joy is your lesson.,happy
"Expand your happiness by sharing it with. The larger a rainbow, the more brightly it shines.",happy
Expect less and you would be more happy than ever.,happy
Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.,happy
"It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.",happy
"Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet.",happy
"My crown is called content, a crown that seldom kings enjoy.",happy
"Sometimes the greatest gifts in life are the ones you cannot see, but the one you can feel.",happy
"Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.",happy
"The greatest pleasure people can feel, is giving happiness to others.",happy
"To enjoy the rainbows, you gotta go through some rain.",happy
Just want to talk about happiness in your update? We’ve found some of the best one-liners about happiness for your status update:,happy
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.,happy
Happiness depends not on material things but on our view on the things.,happy
Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.,happy
Happiness depends upon ourselves.,happy
Happiness does not consist in pastimes and amusements but in virtuous activities.,happy
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.,happy
Happiness is a choice and a skill and you can dedicate yourself to learning that skill and making that choice.,happy
"Happiness is not a life without worries and sorrows, happiness is a state of mind",happy
Happiness is not in living a good life but in understanding and feeling what a good life is,happy
Happiness is not ready made it comes by our own actions.,happy
Happiness is the default state. It’s what’s there when you remove the sense that something is missing in life.,happy
I have only two kinds of days: happy and hysterically happy.,happy
"Want to inspire people when they are reading your status update? We totally understand! To help you with that, we’ve collected the best inspirational happy life status ideas for you…",happy
Aspire to inspire before you expire.,happy
I don’t need to make the world a better place. I’m happy just making my home a better place.,happy
"Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.",happy
Happiness does not lead to gratitude. Gratitude leads to happiness.,happy
"Happiness is a gift and the trick is not to expect it, but to delight in it when it comes.",happy
"If we wait for happy moments, we will wait forever… But if we start believing that we are happy, we will be happy forever!",happy
"If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes.",happy
"Life’s short, forget your problems, be happy, and live your life because you never know if there will be another tomorrow.",happy
"Life’s too short not to be happy. Dance like no one is watching, sing like no one is listening, love like it will last forever and live like today is your last.",happy
Live with intention. Walk to the edge. Listen hard. Practice wellness. Play with abandon. Laugh. Choose with no regret. Do what you love. Live as if this is all there is.,happy
The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness.,happy
"The greatest secret to happiness and peace is letting every life situation be what it is, instead of what you think it should be. Then, make the very best of it.",happy
"The key to achieving inner happiness is to strive to make someone else happy, instead of trying to make yourself happy all the time.",happy
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it’s all that matters.,happy
"The unthankful heart… discovers no mercies; but the thankful heart… will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings.",happy
"They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.",happy
"What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.",happy
"There is nothing like a big grin to make you feel happy, or a well-placed giggle to bring about that smile. Maybe you’ve got a great photo of yourself smiling? In that case, you can use one of these red hot happy statuses for laughing or smiling below:",happy
A day without laughter is a day wasted.,happy
A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures for anything.,happy
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.,happy
A smile is the happiness you’ll find right under your nose.,happy
And when you smile the whole world stop & stares for a while.,happy
I hope you always find a reason to smile.,happy
I’m always gonna be smiling. I’m always gonna be in a good mood.,happy
I’m wearing the smile you gave me.,happy
I’ve got nothing to do today but smile.,happy
"If you really love a person, a little smile can make you happy!",happy
"Let your smile change the world But, don’t let the world change your smile.",happy
Life is better when you’re laughing.,happy
"Smile and let everyone know that today, you’re a lot stronger than you were yesterday.",happy
Smile and others will smile back.,happy
The most important decision you make is to be in a good mood.,happy
There’s nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.,happy
"Ahhh… love. Whether it’s falling in love, being in love or even breaking up with a loved one, we’ve got the best happy status updates for your WhatsApp. There are even some quotes about being single and happy, since you don’t always have to be in a relationship to have joy!",happy
"Every time you smile, I smile.",happy
"Everyone can make you smile, but only certain people can make you happy…",happy
"Faith keeps you strong. Love keeps you whole and happiness keeps you alive. So, don’t be a downer! Be happy, be strong, be free, be alive.",happy
"Find someone who can change your life, and not just your relationship status.",happy
Happiness is anyone and anything that’s loved by you.,happy
Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it.,happy
Happiness means you. I love you.,happy
I do not want horses or diamonds – I am happy in having you.,happy
I think the hardest person to love is you.,happy
Related: The best hashtags for couples,happy
"Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.",happy
So many of my smiles begin with you.,happy
"When your heart beats for someone, it’s amazing. When your heart skips a beat for someone, it’s breath-taking.",happy
"Why waste your time getting hurt by someone, when there’s someone else out there waiting to make you happy?",happy
"You don’t need a boy to keep you happy, all you need is to be yourself!",happy
You like the person if you wish him happiness.,happy
Need something to pick you up and motivate you? We’ve selected some of the best motivational happy status for WhatsApp below. Keen to get a motivational caption for your Instagram? We also have a full guide of motivational captions here! ,happy
As long as you are looking back on the past you will never see what’s ahead in.,happy
"Don’t waste a minute not being happy. If one window closes, run to the next window or break down the door.",happy
"Don’t wait for the good days, just live the bad days as good as possible!",happy
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.,happy
Happy people don’t necessarily have the best of everything; they must make the best out of everything they have.,happy
"If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment.",happy
"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things.",happy
"People wait all week for Friday, all year for summer and all life for happiness.",happy
The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.,happy
"What is happiness? The feeling that power is growing, that resistance is overcome.",happy
"It’s nice to use a piece from a poet or author, or even just to put something that sounds absolutely beautiful as your status update. Try out one of the below:",happy
A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery while on a detour.,happy
"Accept what is, Let go of what was, and have faith in what will be.",happy
"Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good in everything.",happy
"Be happy, and a reason will come along.",happy
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars and see yourself running with them.,happy
"Enjoy the little things in life, for you’ll one day look back and realize they were the big things.",happy
Happiness is the soundtrack of my life.,happy
Happiness isn’t a destination. It’s the journey you choose to take.,happy
Happiness resides not in possessions and not in gold; the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul.,happy
"I felt my lungs inflate with the onrush of scenery—air, mountains, trees, people. I thought, “This is what it is to be happy”.",happy
It is the very mark of the spirit of rebellion to crave for happiness in this life.,happy
Sometimes the things that you are most afraid of are the things that make you that happiest.,happy
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grows it under his feet.,happy
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.,happy
"Celebrities, recording artists, authors, you name it: famous people have made some quotable quotes about happiness that would be perfect for a feeling happy status for Facebook or WhatsApp. Here are some of the favourites:",happy
"A mind always employed is always happy. This is the true secret, the grand recipe, for felicity. Thomas Jefferson",happy
"Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude. Denis Waitley",happy
Happiness comes when we stop complaining about the troubles we have and offer thanks for all the troubles we don’t have. Unknown,happy
"Happiness doesn’t depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude. Dale Carnegie",happy
"Happiness is a choice. You can choose to be happy. There’s going to be stress in life, but it’s your choice whether you let it affect you or not. Valerie Bertinelli",happy
Related: Inspirational Quotes for Women,happy
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn,happy
"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. Mahatma Gandhi",happy
Happiness radiates like the fragrance from a flower and draws all good things towards you. Maharishi Mahesh Yogi,happy
"It’s kind of overwhelming right now… I can barely walk. I’m tired and sore, but really happy to have finished. Chris Connelly",happy
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. Henry Ward Beecher,happy
"The belief that youth is the happiest time of life is founded on a fallacy. The happiest person is the person who thinks the most interesting thoughts, and we grow happier as we grow older. William Phelps",happy
The key to being happy is knowing you have the power to choose what to accept and what to let go. Dodinsky,happy
"The only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are. Goldie Hawn",happy
The secret to happiness is freedom… and the secret to freedom is courage. Thucydides,happy
"The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don’t have. Woody Allen",happy
"There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. George Sand",happy
Train your mind to see the good in everything. Positivity is a choice. The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts. Unknown,happy
Two things prevent us from happiness; living in the past and observing others. Unknown,happy
"When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us. Helen Keller",happy
You deserve to be happy. You deserve to live a life you are excited about. Don’t let others make you forget that.,happy
"Sometimes you have to turn a frown upside down, into a smile! For times like that, we’ve curated the best status updates and text for turning sadness and anger into joy and happiness.",happy
A fake smile can hide millions of tears…,happy
A lot of people end up unhappy because they make permanent decisions on temporary emotions.,happy
"Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.",happy
Every temporary happiness is much better than permanent misery.,happy
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.,happy
Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you.,happy
"Negativity will only bring sadness in your life, so you might as well let go and just be happy.",happy
One of the simplest ways to stay happy is to let go of all of the things that make you sad.,happy
"When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.",happy
You can’t be happy unless you’re unhappy sometimes.,happy
"We have also got a bumper guide to Sad Status for Whatsapp, you should check out!",happy
"Just want something short and sweet for your status update, to go with your happy video, GIF or photo? Here are the ultimate short happy quotes or captions for your status update:",happy
All happiness depends on courage and work.,happy
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life.,happy
Be happy. It’s one way of being wise.,happy
Be the reason someone smiles today.,happy
Being happy is not the only happiness.,happy
Do good for others.  It will come back in unexpected ways.,happy
Don’t give up on things that make you smile.,happy
Enjoy it. Because it’s happening.,happy
Finding happiness is easy: stop being busy.,happy
Free your mind from worries.,happy
Happiness is acceptance.,happy
Happiness is inversely correlated with desire.,happy
Happiness is not a feeling… It is a choice….,happy
I am happy being what I am.,happy
I think it’s time to be happy again.,happy
I’m happy. Which often looks like crazy.,happy
"If you want to be happy, be.",happy
It’s the little things in life.,happy
No medicine cures what happiness cannot.,happy
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.,happy
The constant happiness is curiosity.,happy
The purpose of our lives is to be happy.,happy
There is more to life than increasing its speed.,happy
We forge the chains we wear in life.,happy
Whoever is happy will make others happy.,happy
You can only have bliss if you don’t chase it.,happy
